# final-project-intro-2-python

My project, Dungeon Dangers is a text based adventure game that I've made as my final assignment for my first programming course. I'd like to go over some of the things I've struggled with, but also some of the parts I am proud of. For starters, I've struggled with a couple while loops in the past and this project is full of them. I'd dare say they tend to be my greatest advesary, I struggled a lot with trying to get a proper loop going. I thought this project would allow me to express a bit of creativity, I've been interested in dungeon crawlers and little exploration quests for a good part of my life, and though there was a lot more i wish i could have done with my project this is kind of  a rough idea of what i wanted to do. I enjoyed utlizing what i've learned about strings, I used lists and loops and if statements thoughout my project. They're where the meat of the project is. The project currently runs in the terminal but I think that as I continue to the work on it outside of school I'd love to implement it into a system. One of my goals was to implement the "Press Enter to continue," but iI did not end up getting that implemented though I think it would help pace the text a lot better.

The future plans I have for this game are to implement many more puzzles, implement a combat system, and the biggest goal of all, getting a UI layout. This is a project I'd love to continue working on and I'd hope to show it off eventually to people that would be interested in seeing it. I didn't get as much as I wanted to done with the rush of this semester, but I hope to one day make a game worth playing.

https://youtu.be/A0jGhgnmsNI
